---
title: Plant-based propaganda
---

[**Plant-based to meat-based - a dietitian's story**](https://jilliansnutritionnook.com/plant-based-to-meat-based-a-dietitians-story/)

A nutritionist reflects back on how she fell prey to propaganda, much like others in medicine:

> Looking back I think there were many factors that shaped my previously held stance on nutrition. I believe **my education set me up to be susceptible to a plant-based diet**. I was educated that too much red meat is not good. I was educated to value fruits and vegetables over meat. With this mind set, I was predisposed into believing red meat was bad for me and that the only animal protein (if any) I should eat was chicken and fish. I became further **disgusted by red meat through documentaries and books with a vegan agenda**. Red meat causes climate change, red meat decreases our life expectancy, red meat is morally bad. This pushed me further away from red meat and meat in general. I became more focused on this ideology of health rather than listening to my own body. Without me even realizing it, I began to **shape my identity around a plant-based diet**. It was really hard for me to break up with this idea of what I thought was healthy and it **took me months of self-education to open up my eyes**.

Interestingly what precipitated all of this was her new boyfriend (love is powerful, eh?). And this is [not the first time](https://www.thecut.com/2019/10/did-emma-sulkowicz-mattress-performance-get-redpilled.html) such a precipitation happens.
