---
slug: tutorial
tags:
  - walkthrough
---

Make sure you have already installed neuron (see [[Installing]]). Then follow this tutorial to get your own Zettelkasten up and running.

## Test with an existing Zettelkasten

The [neuron git repo](https://github.com/srid/neuron) comes with a Zettelkasten of its own at the `./doc` folder. Indeed, the very site you are viewing is generated by neuron from that Zettelkasten. Our goal in this section is to use neuron to generate this site *locally*, such as to give you a feel for how neuron works before using it to create your own Zettelkasten.

You will need to clone the git repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/srid/neuron.git
cd neuron
```

Now run the neuron [[Web interface]] on the `./doc` Zettelkasten:

```shell
cd ./doc
neuron gen -wS
```

It can be accessed at [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080). It should match what you see at [neuron.zettel.page](https://neuron.zettel.page).

## Create your own Zettelkasten

There are a few ways to do this.

1. Copy the `./doc` directory and work from there; or
1. Use the template repository in [[Automatic Publishing]]; or
1. Create one from scratch.

For this tutorial, we choose the last option.

Neuron expects the Zettelkasten directory to contain a `neuron.dhall`, as well as a list of [[Zettel Markdown]] notes. By default, the current working directory will be used as your Zettelkasten directory (which you can override using the `-d` option). Create this directory first, and add a basic `neuron.dhall` (see [[Configuration file]]):

```shell
mkdir ~/zettelkasten
cd ~/zettelkasten
touch neuron.dhall  # Empty file is accepted
```

Now create (see [[Creating and Editing zettels]]) your first zettel file:

```shell
neuron new -e
```

This will open your text editor[^editor] with the newly created file (neuron uses a random filename by default; let's assume it is `6479cd5e.md`) and its title already filled in. Enter some text, and exit the editor.

[^editor]: Your `$EDITOR` environment variable must be set pointing to the text editor for this to work.

Next, create an "overview" zettel called `index.md` --- it would be the welcoming page of our Zettelkasten web interface. This time we explicitly tell neuron the ID to use, instead of having it generate a random one:

```shell
neuron new -e index
# Note that you can also create this file manually, i.e.: 
#   echo "Hello" > index.md
```

In the text editor, link it (see [[Linking]]) to your first zettel. It should look like this:

```markdown
# My Zettelkasten

From here, you can visit: [[6479cd5e]]
```

Your Zettelkasten directory should now contain two zettels--named `6479cd5e.md` and `index.md`.  Now it is time to run the neuron [[Web interface]]:

```shell
neuron gen -wS
```

* The `-w` option will watch your Zettelkasten directory and regenerate HTML files.
* The `-S` option runs a HTTP server serving the generated HTML files. 
  * You can ignore it, and use `neuron open` instead.

Access it at [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) (or use `neuron open`). You should expect to see the contents of your overview zettel, which should link to the first zettel created. Clicking the tree icon in the nav bar should take you to the [[Graph visualization]] of your Zettelkasten. 

## Growing your Zettelkasten

Congratulations, you have created your first Zettelkasten using neuron! From this moment onwards, simply use the `new` command to create new zettels, `search` command to open existing zettels (or see [[Editor integration]] for editor support). As your Zettelkasten grows over time, more value will be derived from it.

## What's next?

Read [[Guide]] next to learn all the concepts and features in Neuron.
