# Linking

To link to another zettel, put the <2011403?cf> inside angle brackets[^wikistyle]:

```markdown
This is a zettel file, which links to another zettel:

* <ef3dke98>
```

Such a link instructs neuron to automatically create a connection between the
associated zettels, which ultimately affects the <2017401?cf> of your zettel
graph. In <2011405?cf>, neuron will automatically display the title of the
linked zettel.


## Non-branching links

If your link is merely a reference to another zettel, and you do not wish it to
be part of the <2017401?cf>, but only the graph connection, use the `cf`[^cf] query
flag (eg: `<ef3dke98?cf>`). 

```markdown
This is a zettel file, which refers to another zettel without 
strongly linking to it:

* <ef3dke98?cf>
```

Neuron will link the zettels, but the link would be
ignored when building the <2017401?cf>. This is especially useful to  ensure sensible
clusters.

## Advanced linking

* <2011506>

[^cf]: 
    > The abbreviation cf. (short for the Latin: *confer/conferatur*, both meaning "compare") is used in writing to refer the reader to other material to make a comparison with the topic being discussed. [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cf.)

[^wikistyle]:
    Neuron additionally supports "wiki-style" linking. `[[ef3dke98]]` is the
    same as `<ef3dke98>`. 

    NOTE: This is an **experimental** feature; it may be changed or
    even completely removed in future. Unless you know what you are doing,
    you **should** always use `<..>` style for linking, and **avoid**
    wiki-style links, in your neuron notes.

    Wiki-style linking was added to allow users to edit their neuron
    notes in existing Zettelkasten software like Zettlr. Note that those software
    may not recognize the full range of Neuron links. See
    [#229](https://github.com/srid/neuron/issues/229#issuecomment-645756080) for
    details. 

