# Automatic links using queries

Neuron supports special link syntax that will query the Zettelkasten (eg: by tag) and insert the links using the query results.

## Linking to multiple zettels by tag

You may create a query that will link to (and display) the matching zettels automatically. For
example, to link to a list of a zettels with the "science" tag (from the example
at [[2011505]]):

```markdown
[[z:zettels?tag=science&timeline]]
```

You can use the CLI to see which zettels will be included in a given query; see
[[2013501]].

### Example

As an example here is a list of zettels tagged "walkthrough" on this very
Zettelkasten:

[[z:zettels?tag=walkthrough]]

It was created by `<z:zettels?tag=walkthrough&cf>`. Note that here we
use the `cf` flag to not affect the [[2017401]] of the graph; whereas without
it, it will form the appropriate new category connections to the listed notes.

### Hierarchical tags

Queries can also link to zettels whose [[535407ad]] match a glob pattern. For
instance, `<z:zettels?tag=science/*>` will link to all zettels tagged
"science/physics" and "science/biology".

Recursive globs are supported too, so if you want to include deeper nested tags,
`<z:zettels?tag=science/**>` will also match them (e.g.
"science/physics/kinematics"). This will also include zettels that are tagged
"science" only, though this behavior can be avoided by querying
"science/\*/\*\*" instead.

Add `?grouped` parameter to your query in order to view the results grouped by
the matching tag.
